{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Quiz:\
\
1. True or False. A Michigan LLC can have one or multiple member s/partners. 
\b TRUE\
\

\b0 2. True or False. Once you have a business name, the next step is to open a bank account. 
\b FALSE\
\

\b0 3. True or False. You only have to file a Michigan LLC Annual Report if your company earned money during the fiscal year. 
\b FALSE\
\

\b0 4. Name one thing general liability insurance might cover. \
	
\b -General liability insurance may cover legal costs and medical costs of a client who was injured on the property of your business.
\b0 \
\
5. True or False. The City of Lansing levies an income tax. 
\b TRUE\
\

\b0 6. Calculate your hourly billing rate for a web design business if you aim to pay yourself $45,000/year with a profit margin of 25%. \
	-
\b $80/hour\
\

\b0 7. True or False. Work for hire means that you get to remain the copyright
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3  holder after you've delivered your work to the client. 
\b FALSE\
\

\b0 8. Find one local networking event in Lansing and one web design conference (globally) that's happening in 2014.\
	-
\b Local networking event in Lansing: 2014 MSU Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) Conference.\
	-Global web design conference: FOSDEM 2014\
\

\b0 9. True or False. You can use your personal checking account for business as long as you're not a corporation. 
\b TRUE\
\

\b0 10. Name three ways you could become a thought leader in your industry. \
	
\b 1. Write a book\
	2. Speak at conferences\
	3. Start a blog}